Look For Group User Guide
New user
1. Create account by clicking register button in login page.
2. Fill info you want
    2.1. Email, Password, Confirm Password, Username are mandatory
    2.2. Rest is optional
3. When you are ready with the form, press register button and you will be directed back to login screen
4. Now you can log in using your email and password
5. After successful login, you are now on Feed -page, where you see everyones posts in order, newest on top.
6. You can comment everyones posts and hit like/dislike buttons on posts. But you cannot like/dislike your own posts
7. By clicking profile on Nav bar, you can go to your profile page
8. You can change your profile info, add games and then edit/delete them or make posts and edit/delete them.
    8.1. Creating new game:
        8.1.1 Click + -button under Games.
        8.1.2 You can give name, hours played, rank(if competive game), server(if there is different ones), nickname ingame and your comments about the game or anything.
        8.1.3 Clicking add game button will take you back to your profile where you see your just added game in your list
    8.2. Editing game:
        8.2.1 By clicking game in your profile page or other user profile pages, will take you to that games info site.
        8.2.2 If it's your game, you can edit or delete them at any time.
        8.2.3 Any changes made to your game will be updated instantly
    8.3 Creating post:
        8.3.1 By clicking New Post button, you can make new post
        8.3.2 Post has to have title and content.
        8.3.3 Posts you make will appear in your profile page and in feed page instantly, newest post first
    8.4 Editing post:
        8.4.1 You can edit or delete your post by clicking *** -button in your profile page Your Posts section
        8.4.2 Editing done to your post will be updated instantly
9. By clicking post poster username or comment posters username, you can visit their profile page
10. There will hopefully be more things to do later on, like communities for every game, friend list, personalized feed(shows only your and your friends)
